COSTAR BENEFITS 2023


Eligibility
You are eligible for benefits if you are a regular full-time CoStar employee working an average of 30 or more hours per week.


You may also enroll your eligible family members:


Your spouse
Your children under the age of 26, including:
Biological children
Stepchildren
Legally adopted children
Children for whom you are the legal guardian (foster children)
Children placed with you for adoption
Children for whom you are legally responsible to provide coverage under the terms of a Qualified Medical Child Support Order (QMCSO)
Upon turning age 26, your children are still eligible if they are:


Dependent on you for primary financial support and maintenance due to a physical or mental disability, incapable of self-support and
The disability existed before the child reached age 19
You may be asked to provide documentation or proof of disability for review and approval of continued coverage. In most cases, coverage for a disabled child can continue for as long as the child is incapable of self-support, unmarried and fully dependent on you for support.


NEW HIRES, TAKE ACTION!


You must enroll in health benefits within 30 days of your hire date. After this deadline you must wait until CoStar’s next annual Open Enrollment period to change your benefits, unless you have a qualifying life event and take action within 30 days of the event. Learn more.


MEDICARE UPDATE


If you (and/or your dependents) have Medicare or will become eligible for Medicare in the next 12 months, a federal law gives you more choices about your prescription drug coverage. Learn more.


NEED ASSISTANCE?


If you have questions about benefits eligibility, please enter an AskHR Case in Workday, and a member of our Benefits Team will reach out to you to assist.


Health Benefits
Your CoStar health benefits can help you and your family stay well and obtain care for an illness, injury or medical condition. We also offer tax-free saving and spending accounts to save you money, along with a unique and fun wellness program to help you achieve your personal health goals. Learn about your options here.


MEDICAL
You have a choice of three medical plans with built-in prescription drug coverage. See which is right for you. More »


MENTAL HEALTH
CoStar provides a variety of in-person and virtual resources to support your mental health. More »


PRESCRIPTION
You have two ways to fill prescriptions — at a local retail pharmacy or via Express Scripts. See which is right for you. More »


DENTAL
Dental health is an important part of your overall health. Learn about CoStar’s dental plan. More »


VISION
Select the vision plan if you want coverage for eye care and vision correction. More »


SAVING AND SPENDING ACCOUNTS
Health Savings Account (HSA) and Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAs) can save you money on eligible health and dependent care expenses. More »


WELLNESS PROGRAM
With CoStar’s Wellness Program, you’ll gain tools and motivation to reach your health goals — and even earn rewards! More »


Financial Benefits
CoStar’s retirement and savings plans can help you achieve your retirement goals through pre-tax savings, after-tax savings, and an opportunity to purchase discounted shares of CoStar stock. Learn about your options here.


401(K) RETIREMENT PLAN
See how you and CoStar team up to invest for your retirement through the 401(k) plan. More »


EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN (ESPP)
Learn how you can purchase CoStar stock at a discount through convenient payroll deductions. More »


COLLEGE SAVINGS BENEFIT
CoStar makes it easy to save for college and offers a $500 gift for new parents. More »


FINANCIAL WELLNESS
Use the SoFi at Work Dashboard to manage your journey to financial independence and well-being. More »


Additional Benefits
In addition to your health and retirement benefits, you have access to many valuable benefits automatically provided by CoStar, as well as additional voluntary plan options. Learn about these benefits here.


COMPANY-PROVIDED BENEFITS
CoStar provides many additional benefits at no cost to you, from life and disability insurance to paid time off. More »


VOLUNTARY LIFE INSURANCE
You may purchase additional life and disability insurance to supplement your automatic company-provided coverage. More »


LONG-TERM CARE WITH LIFE INSURANCE BENEFIT
You have the option to enroll in universal life insurance with long-term care benefits that are available during your lifetime. More »


SUPPLEMENTAL INSURANCE
Supplemental insurance can help protect you from major expenses not covered by your primary medical plan. More »


LEGAL INSURANCE
You may enroll in the legal insurance plan through ARAG to help with everyday matters that turn into legal issues. More »


IDENTITY THEFT PROTECTION
You may enroll in the PrivacyArmor® plan through InfoArmor to protect your identity and finances. More »


COMMUTER AND PARKING BENEFITS
You may take advantage of CoStar's commuter and parking programs administered by WageWorks. More »


AUTO AND HOME INSURANCE
You have a variety of coverage options through the Choice Auto and Home Insurance Program. More »


Your Contributions for Coverage
CoStar pays the majority of the cost of your healthcare coverage. In addition, CoStar pays 100% of the cost for:


Basic Life and AD&D Insurance
Short-Term Disability
Long-Term Disability
Employee Assistance Program
Health Advocate Program


See your 2023 contributions for coverage below.


MEDICAL AND PRESCRIPTION
Your bi-weekly contribution for medical and prescription coverage in 2023 depends on the coverage level you select, whether you and/or your covered spouse uses tobacco, and whether you earned the wellness incentive by October 31, 2022 (if your hire date is October–December 2022, you will automatically receive the lower wellness rates in 2023). You and your spouse pay a discounted rate for medical coverage if you or your spouse does not use tobacco products and if you earn the wellness incentive.


Newly enrolled employees or newly added spouses will be required to complete the tobacco user question in Workday. Your current tobacco use status will automatically carry forward year after year if no change is made. If you use tobacco, CoStar offers a Smoking Cessation Program at no cost to you. If you complete this program, you will qualify for non-tobacco user rates.


                                 Aetna PPO                                Aetna CDHP
Coverage Level        Your Bi-Weekly Contribution        Your Bi-Weekly Contribution
Employee                        $28.68                                No cost
Employee + 1                        $54.64                                $22.65
Family                                $97.13                                $40.27
Tobacco user – add $32.31 to the amount above. If you did not earn the wellness incentive in 2022, add $11.54.


DENTAL
Your bi-weekly contribution for dental coverage depends on the coverage level you select:


Coverage Level        Your Bi-Weekly Contribution
Employee                        $2.78
Employee + 1                        $5.05
Family                                $9.08


VISION
Your bi-weekly contribution for vision coverage depends on the coverage level you select:


Coverage Level        Your Bi-Weekly Contribution
Employee                        $0.80
Employee + 1                        $1.65
Family                                $2.66


VOLUNTARY LIFE INSURANCE
CoStar pays the full cost for Basic Life Insurance of 1.5x your base salary. You may choose to purchase additional life insurance for yourself and your family (spouse and child(ren)) through the Voluntary Life Insurance plan:


For you: You may elect amounts in increments of $1,000 to the lesser of 7x your base salary or $500,000.
For your spouse: You may elect amounts in increments of $5,000 to the lesser of 100% of your voluntary employee life insurance election or $250,000. The cost for you and your spouse’s coverage depends on age and tobacco use.
For your child(ren):There is one cost for Voluntary Child Life Insurance no matter how many children you choose to cover. Each child covered is insured at $10,000. Children up to the age of 26 are eligible.
View Voluntary Life premium amounts.


SUPPLEMENTAL COVERAGES


HOSPITAL INDEMNITY INSURANCE


Coverage Level                Your Bi-Weekly Contribution
Employee only                        $5.15
Employee + spouse                        $12.26
Employee + child(ren)                        $8.22
Employee + spouse/child(ren)        $15.53


ACCIDENT INSURANCE


Coverage Level                Your Bi-Weekly Contribution
Employee only                        $1.81
Employee + spouse                        $3.30
Employee + child(ren)                        $3.71
Employee + spouse/child(ren)        $4.64


CRITICAL ILLNESS INSURANCE


Bi-weekly contributions for non-tobacco users


Issue Age                Employee Only        Employee + Spouse                Employee + Child(ren)                Employee + Spouse/Child(ren)
<25                $2.77                $4.43                        $3.95                        $5.61
26-29                $2.77                $4.43                        $3.95                        $5.54
30-34                $3.88                $5.95                        $4.98                        $7.13
35-39                $5.47                $8.24                        $6.58                        $9.35
40-44                $8.45                $12.53                        $9.55                        $13.71
45-49                $11.91                $17.65                        $13.08                        $18.76
50-54                $15.99                $23.40                        $17.10                        $24.51
55-59                $20.35                $29.63                        $21.46                        $30.81
60-64                $24.16                $35.31                        $25.27                        $36.42
65-69                $26.31                $38.77                        $27.48                        $39.88
70+                $30.25                $44.65                        $31.43                        $45.76


Bi-weekly contributions for tobacco users


Issue Age                Employee Only        Employee + Spouse                Employee + Child(ren)                Employee + Spouse/Child(ren)
<25                $4.22                $6.58                        $5.33                        $7.68
26-29                $4.22                $6.58                        $5.33                        $7.68
30-34                $6.09                $9.28                        $7.27                        $10.38
35-39                $8.72                $13.15                        $9.90                        $14.26
40-44                $13.85                $20.49                        $15.02                        $21.67
45-49                $19.94                $29.28                        $21.05                        $30.46
50-54                $27.00                $39.32                        $28.11                        $40.43
55-59                $34.55                $50.26                        $35.65                        $51.44
60-64                $41.26                $60.02                        $42.37                        $61.20
65-69                $45.21                $66.18                        $46.38                        $67.36
70+                $52.13                $76.71                        $53.31                        $77.82


TOBACCO RATES


CoStar offers lower rates for non-tobacco users. Why? Tobacco users cost employers about $6,000 in extra annual costs over non-tobacco users stemming from lost productivity and excess healthcare costs. To help you quit — and qualify for the non-tobacco rates — CoStar offers a Smoking Cessation Program at no cost to you.


How to Enroll
Learn how to enroll below.


NEW HIRE ENROLLMENT
Within one to two weeks of your hire date, you'll receive an email from Workday prompting you to enroll. Be sure to enroll in health benefits within 30 days of your hire date.


Here’s how:


Step 1        Access Workday via access.costar.com.
Step 2        Once inside Workday, click on the Inbox icon on the top right hand corner to get started on your New Hire benefit elections.
Step 3        Follow the prompts to elect or waive coverage, add dependents and designate your life insurance beneficiaries. For additional instruction, click here.
Step 4        If you are not yet ready to finalize your enrollment elections and you need to leave Workday, click “Save for Later.”
Step 5        To finalize and save your enrollment elections, click “Submit.” If you do not click “Submit,” your elections will not be finalized.
Step 6        After you submit your enrollment elections, you can print your Workday benefits confirmation page and keep a copy for your files. You can always view your benefit elections in Workday by clicking on the Benefits Icon > View Benefit Elections.


QUALIFYING LIFE EVENT
When you are experience a qualifying life event, you will need to reach out to hrdepartment@costar.com to make this request. Please keep in mind, you must make this request within 30 days of the event date. You will also need to submit supporting documentation to substantiate your request.


Qualifying life events include but are not limited to:


Marriage
Divorce
Birth
Gain or loss of other group coverage
Examples of event dates: the date you get married, the date your divorce is finalized, the date your child is born, etc.


Some examples of supporting documentation:


Divorce: divorce decree
Birth or Adoption of child: hospital birth record, birth certificate, discharge papers, or adoption agreement
Marriage: marriage certificate
Gain of Other Health Coverage: enrollment confirmation and/or a notification from an employer or insurance company
Loss of Other Health Coverage: COBRA notification, correspondence from previous employer or insurance company


WHEN YOU MAY ENROLL
The benefit plan year is January 1 through December 31. The annual Open Enrollment period is held in the fall, with coverage elections effective January 1. Open Enrollment refers to the period during which benefit-eligible employees have the opportunity to enroll in and/or change their CoStar benefit plan elections.


As a new hire, you are eligible for benefits the first of the month following your date of hire. You have 30 days from your hire date to enroll in the benefit plans. After this date, enrollment is only allowed if you experience a qualifying life event; otherwise, you will have to wait until the next annual Open Enrollment period to enroll or make changes to your benefit elections.


Qualifying life events include but are not limited to marriage, divorce, birth or the gain or loss of other group coverage. You must notify the CoStar HR Team by entering an AskHR Case in Workday within 30 days of your qualifying life event date in order to make changes. Examples of event dates are the date you get married, the date your divorce is finalized or the date your child is born.


ENROLLING IN FINANCIAL BENEFITS


401(K) RETIREMENT PLAN ENROLLMENT
Enrollment Process
On your hire date, you can elect to enroll in the 401(k) Retirement Plan directly with our Plan administrator, T. Rowe Price. Enroll online in 401(k) pre-tax savings, Roth after-tax savings or both parts of the Plan at rps.troweprice.com, or call a T. Rowe Price representative at 1-800-922-9945, Monday through Friday, 7:00 a.m. to 10:00 p.m. Eastern Time.


Automatic Enrollment
After 30 days at CoStar, if you have not made an election for the 401(k) Retirement Plan, you will be automatically enrolled in the Plan with an election to save 6% of your pre-tax pay. Learn more.


EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN ENROLLMENT
Enrollment Process


You may enroll in the ESPP, administered by Solium, by following these simple steps:


Enroll online at www.solium.com
Click ”SIGN IN” in the top right corner of the screen.
Select, “Shareworks” from the drop down.
Select “Open Account” at the top right corner of the screen. Do NOT enter information into the Login screen on this page.
Request account activation using "My company email address."
Enter Company email address.
An email confirmation will follow.
You will next be prompted to enter your personal information. When doing this:
Be sure to use your legal name.
You will be prompted to enter your “Employee Number.” Important note: Do NOT select an “Alternate Identification.” You can find your Employee ID in Workday as follows:
Log into Workday
Click the “Personal Information” icon
Select “About Me” under the word “View”
You will find your Employee ID Under the words “Job Details”
After completing your registration, you will receive a letter in the mail with your personal account number and password necessary to complete your enrollment.


COLLEGE SAVINGS BENEFIT
Enrollment Process
To sign up for the college savings benefit with LEAF, go to portal.leafsavings.com/costar (enter Company Code: costar; Authorization Code: insight) and follow the detailed enrollment instructions in LEAF's Enrollment Guide here.


ENROLLING IN COMMUTER AND PARKING BENEFITS


COMMUTER AND PARKING ENROLLMENT
Enrollment Process
There are two ways to enroll or make changes:


Online. Visit Workday at access.costar.com and click on the WageWorks link (if at home, go directly to www.wageworks.com).
- Click on "First Time User?
- Click on “Login/Register”
- Click “Employee Registration”
- Follow the prompts
By Phone. Call 1-877-924-3967 between 8:00am and 8:00pm EST and a WageWorks customer service representative will assist you with any questions you might have.
Questions?
Many of your questions can be answered with the Quick Start Guide. If you have additional questions or require more details, visit WageWorks online or call to speak with WageWorks representative about your commuting situation: 1-877-924-3967 (Monday - Friday 8am-8pm ET).


NEED ASSISTANCE?


To ask a question, please create a case within the Workday case management system:


From the Workday home page, click the View All Apps link.
Choose Help from the menu options that will appear on your computer screen.
Click on the Create Case button to open a case with a specialist.
Type your name in the Create For field.
Type “Benefits” in the Case Type field.
Give your case a subject line in the Case Title field.
Type your question or request in the Detailed Description field. You may attach documentation, if needed.


NEW HIRES, TAKE ACTION!


You must enroll in health benefits within 30 days of your hire date. If you don't, you will need to wait until CoStar's next annual Open Enrollment period to make benefit changes, unless you experience a qualifying life event and take action within 30 days of the event.


MEDICAL
CoStar offers a choice of two medical plans through Aetna — a Preferred Provider Plan (PPO) and a Consumer Driven Health Plan (CDHP). The CDHP is a high-deductible health plan with a Health Savings Account (HSA). Both plans include prescription drug coverage. Learn more and compare the plans below.
PLAN FEATURES AT A GLANCE
All three Aetna medical plans include:


Choice of providers: Both the PPO and the CDHP have the same network of providers. You can receive care from any provider you want; however, the plans will pay more toward services received from providers in the Aetna network. If you receive care from an out-of-network provider, you may pay a higher cost.
Find an in-network provider here. Simply enter your search criteria and you will be prompted to choose your plan. In the drop-down list, select "Aetna Choice POS II (Open Access)" under the "Aetna Open Access Plans" section.
Free in-network preventive care: In-network preventive care — such as annual checkups, immunizations and routine annual screenings — is fully covered at 100% under all three plans, so you pay nothing.
Acupuncture treatment covered: Up to ten acupuncture treatments per year, for treatments deemed medically necessary as defined in Aetna’s Clinical Policy Bulletin, will be covered. Refer to your plan documents for more details.
Bi-weekly contributions: The main differences between the plans are your bi-weekly contribution for coverage and your out-of-pocket costs when you receive care:
With the PPO, your bi-weekly contribution is higher but your cost is lower when you receive care.
With the CDHP, your bi-weekly contribution is much lower (for employee-only coverage, you pay $0), but you will pay more up-front for your care. However, you have the benefit of saving through a tax-free HSA. An HSA lets you save money on healthcare expenses and plan ahead for future costs. Plus, CoStar will contribute to your HSA in 2022 — up to $750 for employee coverage or $1,500 for family coverage levels. The contribution you receive will be prorated based on your date of hire and divided among quarterly deposits into your HSA.
Teladoc: You can take advantage of Teladoc’s Web Doctor benefit, which gives you confidential 24/7 access to a physician through convenient phone call, mobile app, or online video consultations. Tip: Register for Web Doctor now so when you need it, you'll be ready.
Behavioral health resources: Your Aetna medical plan includes coverage for behavioral health televideo counseling services, support from a therapist and behavior coach through the AbleTo program to help you cope with a significant health condition or life change, and applied behavior analysis for autism. In addition, you have access to the Ginger app, which provides immediate, personalized support from a team of coaches, therapists, and psychiatrists who can help you manage stress, anxiety, and other day-to-day challenges.
MinuteClinic services: You have access to all covered MinuteClinic services at no or low cost to you. Learn more.
Livongo: Take control of your health with advanced technology, personalized coaching support, and real-time communication designed to help prevent diabetes, manage your diabetic condition, or manage hypertension. Livongo offers three specialized programs:
Livongo’s Diabetes Prevention program helps you focus on lifestyle behavior changes and weight management to prevent diabetes.
Livongo’s Diabetes Management program helps you understand your blood sugar, develop healthy lifestyle habits, and improve glycemic control; a free connected glucose meter and unlimited test strips and lancets are included.
Livongo’s Hypertension Management program helps you track your blood pressure and implement simple, personal interventions powered by clinical expertise and data-driven science; a free connected blood pressure cuff is included.
Learn more at www.livongo.com.


Hinge Health: Reduce joint or back pain, avoid surgery, and improve depression and anxiety that may be stemming from your chronic pain with the help of this digitally delivered program. Hinge Health is a comprehensive musculoskeletal solution that offers the right care at the right time with four distinct areas of focus — prevention, acute, chronic, and surgery. Sensor technology, 1-on-1 personalized health coaching, and expert opinions from your clinical team of physical therapists and physicians are key components of this innovative program. Learn more at www.hingehealth.com.
COMPARE AND DECIDE
To decide which medical plan is right for you:


Compare coverage details. See a side-by-side comparison of the PPO and CDHP plans, including deductibles, copays and coinsurance.
Important: For the CDHP, you must satisfy the deductible first.


You must satisfy the full annual deductible, for single or family coverage, before your plan will start paying a portion of your costs. Once you meet the deductible, coinsurance kicks in, and you and the plan will share the cost of covered services and prescription drugs.
If you have family coverage, you must meet the full family deductible before the plan starts paying a portion and you start paying coinsurance. There is no single deductible for family coverage. For example, if there are three people in your family, each with a $1,500 deductible, you'll have to pay $3,000 before the coinsurance kicks in for any family member.


AETNA RESOURCES


Check out our personalized Aetna Microsite (https://www.aetnaresource.com/m/CoStar-Realty) to assist you in finding an in-network provider, submitting a claim and more!


PPO OR CDHP? Which plan should I use?
Use this side-by-side medical plan comparison (https://www.mercerhrs.com/microsite/costar/popups/compare-coverage.html) to help you determine which medical plan is best for you and your family.


CDHP WITH HSA


A Consumer Driven Health Plan (CDHP) lets you take control of your health care dollars and save tax-free with a Health Savings Account (HSA). Watch this video to learn more: (https://player.vimeo.com/video/188167256?autoplay=1)


TELADOC


Take advantage of the Web Doctor benefit through Teladoc for non-emergency medical issues. Not only is it convenient, it costs the same as the copay for a primary care visit. Learn more here: https://www.mercerhrs.com/microsite/costar/popups/web-doctor.html


ID CARDS


Aetna will mail your medical ID card to your home two to three weeks after you enroll or make changes to your enrollment in Workday. You can also print your ID card by logging in to Aetna's website.


MORE INFORMATION


You have access to a Summary of Benefits and Coverage (SBC) for each of your medical plan options. These documents provide information about coverage and costs to help you compare plans and make informed decisions.


MENTAL HEALTH
CoStar offers a wide range of benefits to employees looking for mental health support.


Start here: ComPsych EAP
Available to all employees and their household family members regardless of medical coverage


Benefit: Through ComPsych, CoStar’s EAP (Employee Assistance Program) partner, you and your family have access to 3 counseling sessions per person, per issue, per year
Cost: Free to all CoStar employees and their household family members
Access it: Call 1-855-809-3964 (TTY: 1-800-697-0353), visit guidanceresources.com, or download the GuidanceResources Now app (Web ID: CoStar)
Short-term counseling: Aetna AbleTo
Available to Aetna members


Benefit: 8-week virtual or in-person counseling and coaching program to help you manage emotions through life changes such as grief and loss, infertility, postpartum depression, military transitions, heart issues, diabetes, digestive issues, caregiving stress, and autism, including Applied Behavioral Analysis (ABA)
Cost: Free to Aetna members
Access it: 1-844-330-3648
Long-term counseling (in-person): Aetna Behavioral Health Providers
Available to Aetna members


Benefit: Traditional counseling/therapy for those who prefer a face-to-face provider relationship
Cost: Services are covered at the cost share described in your medical plan documents and SBCs
Access it: To find a provider, start here
Virtual support through Ginger
Available to all CoStar employees and their family members


Benefit: On-demand confidential emotional support available 24/7, 365 days a year through text-based chats with a behavioral health coach and self-guided activities
Cost: Free to CoStar employees and family members
Access it: Download the Ginger app to your mobile device to being accessing immediate, personalized support from a team of coaches, therapists, and psychiatrists who can help you manage stress, anxiety, and other day-to-day challenges
Virtual counseling services through Aetna
Available to Aetna members


Benefit: Virtual counseling/therapy services for those who prefer the flexibility and the ability to skip the waiting room via convenient virtual sessions
Cost: Same cost share as a face-to-face office visit
Access it: You have 2 options with varying networks to provide increased access to a wide variety of providers.
If you live in CA, DE, MO, NJ, NY, PA, or VA: Call Inpathy at 1-800-442-8938
All other states: Call Arcadian Telepsychiatry at 1-866-991-2103


TELADOC BEHAVIORAL HEALTH
Cost: Same cost share as a face to face visit; maximums apply:
Psychiatrist
Initial visit: $160 or less/session
Ongoing visit: $90 or less/session
Psychologist, licensed clinical social worker, counselor, or therapist
$80 or less/session
Contact: Visit teladoc.com/Aetna or call 1-855-TELADOC (835-2362)


Prescription - For more information check out this page: https://www.mercerhrs.com/microsite/costar/prescription.shtml
Express Scripts is the prescription benefits provider for all of our Aetna medical plans. You will automatically receive prescription drug coverage when you enroll in a medical plan, and your prescription costs will count towards your medical plan deductible and/or out of pocket maximum.


See how medications are covered by Express Scripts and find a local participating pharmacy. To see your prescription drug costs under each medical plan, view the medical plan comparison.


No-cost preventive medication for CDHP members
If you are enrolled in the CDHP, CoStar provides you with additional coverage for preventive medications. All the medications on Express Scripts' preventive medication list are available at no cost at all, even if you have not yet met your deductible. See the preventive medication list.


Filling prescriptions
You have two ways to fill prescriptions — at a local retail pharmacy or using the Express Scripts home delivery service:


Using a retail pharmacy. For short-term medicine needs, a participating retail pharmacy is your best option. Log in to Express-Scripts.com to find a participating Express Scripts pharmacy near you. Show your prescription ID card to your pharmacist and pay your copay (PPO) or deductible/coinsurance (CDHP).
Using home delivery. For long-term medicine needs, such as drugs used to treat high-blood pressure or diabetes, home delivery from the Express Scripts Pharmacy is convenient and offers the best value. Sign up for home delivery by logging in to Express-Scripts.com.
How do I...
These quick guides from Express Scripts will show you how to:


Register your account. Manage your prescriptions anytime, anywhere by registering on the Express Scripts website and mobile app.
Find a pharmacy. Locate an Express Scripts participating pharmacy using the website or mobile app.
Sign up for home delivery. Follow these steps to start using the home delivery service.
Price a medication. Compare prices for your medications on the Express Scripts website before deciding where to fill a prescription.
View the formulary. See a list of common prescriptions on the formulary (a list of Express Scripts' preferred medications), as well as which drugs are excluded.
Access your ID card. Print and view your member ID card online and on the app.
Track your spending. Learn how to view your out-of-pocket prescription expenses to date.
Submit a claim. Get reimbursed by submitting a claim form online.
Enroll in automatic refills. Sign up to have your long-term medicines automatically refilled and mailed to you before you run out.
Rx Savings Solutions
Through CoStar's benefit service, Rx Savings Solutions, you can save money and better manage your prescription costs! This free, confidential service gives personalized prescription guidance to help you save money. Plus, it's available to everyone covered on your CoStar medical & pharmacy plan. In addition, you can earn 250 Vitality wellness points by registering with Rx Savings Solutions. Your wellness points will automatically be awarded when you register.


Here's how Rx Savings Solutions works:


They review the medications you take and find lower-cost options.
You will automatically be notified whenever you have savings available. It's optional for you to take advantage of the savings.
No plan disruption. It overlays your existing benefits without any changes to your pharmacy benefits.


DENTAL -
CoStar offers a Dental Preferred Provider Organization (PPO) plan through Aetna. You may choose to receive services from dental providers in Aetna’s national network or from a non-network dentist. However, the plan pays more when you use in-network providers.


COVERAGE DETAILS


Aetna Dental PPO
                                                                 In-Network        Out-of-Network
Preventive Services – Oral Exams, X-rays, Cleanings, etc.                100%                100%
Basic Services – Fillings, Minor Extractions                                90%                80%
Major Services – Endodontics, Crowns, Inlays and Onlays, etc.                60%                50%
Orthodontia Services (Adult and Children)                                60%                50%
Annual Single Deductible                                                $50                $50
Annual Family Deductible                                                $100                $100
Annual Plan Maximum*                                                $2,500                $2,500
Orthodontic Lifetime Maximum*                                        $2,500                $2,500


FINDING PROVIDERS


Visit Aetna to search for providers in the Aetna dental network. Simply enter your search criteria and you will be prompted to choose your plan. In the drop-down list, select "Dental PDO/PDN" under the "Dental PPO/PDN" section. If you need assistance, call Aetna at 1-877-238-6200.


ID CARD


Aetna does not issue dental ID cards. To use your dental coverage, your dental provider will verify coverage with Aetna using your Social Security number. If you wish, you may print your own dental ID card on Aetna’s website.


VISION - For more vision information check out this page: https://www.mercerhrs.com/microsite/costar/vision.shtml
CoStar offers a Vision Plan through VSP. You may choose to receive services from VSP providers or non-VSP providers. However, the plan pays more when you use VSP providers.


COVERAGE DETAILS


VSP Vision Plan (In-Network)


Service/Supply                                                        Frequency
—--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exam                                                                        Every calendar year
Frames                                                                Every calendar year
Lenses                                                                        Every calendar year


Copays
Exam                                                                        $10
Lenses                                                                        $25
Contact Lens Fitting                                                        Up to $40


Benefit Level After Copay
Exam                                                                        100%
Frames                                                                100% up to $200
Lenses                                                                        100%
Contact Lenses (in lieu of glasses per benefit year)                        100% up to $200


Your Coverage with Non-VSP Providers
Exam                                                                        up to $50
Frames                                                                up to $70
Single Vision Lenses                                                        up to $50
Lined Bifocal Lenses                                                        up to $75
Lined Trifocal Lenses                                                        up to $100
Progressive Lenses                                                        up to $75
Contact Lenses (in lieu of glasses per benefit year)                        up to $105


FILING CLAIMS
You do not need to file a claim for in-network providers. For out of network providers, follow these instructions to file a claim.


Saving & Spending Accounts
CoStar provides you the opportunity to set aside pre-tax dollars for eligible expenses by enrolling in a Health Savings Account (HSA) and/or Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAs). CoStar’s HSA and FSAs are administered by WEX. When you participate, you fund your HSA or FSA with pre-tax payroll deductions. This reduces your taxable income — which means more money in your pocket. You then pay for eligible expenses using the tax-free money in your account. Learn more on the WEX website.


You can choose from the following accounts:  


HSA
Available only to employees who enroll in the CDHP. You get company contributions — $750 for employee coverage or $1,500 for family coverage levels — into your HSA. The amount you receive will be prorated based on your date of hire. You'll receive quarterly deposits into your HSA. You can also contribute with pre-tax money. The total annual amount of all contributions from both you and CoStar cannot exceed $3,850 for employee coverage or $7,750 if you cover dependents. You can use that money to pay for medical, prescription drug, dental, and vision healthcare expenses. Individuals are not eligible and may not make or receive HSA contributions if they meet this criteria.


HEALTHCARE FSA
Available to employees who are not enrolled in the CDHP. You can set aside up to $3,050 per year to pay for eligible medical, prescription drug, dental, vision, and other healthcare expenses for you, your spouse, and/or children.


DEPENDENT CARE FSA
Available to all employees. You can set aside up to $5,000 per year ($2,500 maximum if you are married and file a separate tax return) to pay for eligible child care (such as daycare, preschool, and after school programs) and elder care expenses incurred while you work. For child care expenses, your child must be under the age of 13.


HOW HSAs WORK
Learn more about this savings account here: https://www.mercerhrs.com/microsite/costar/popups/hsa.html


HOW FSAs WORK
Learn more about these spending accounts here: https://www.mercerhrs.com/microsite/costar/popups/fsa.html


HOW IS THE HEALTHCARE FLEXIBLE SPENDING ACCOUNT (FSA) DIFFERENT FROM THE HEALTH SAVINGS ACCOUNT (HSA)?
Learn more here: https://www.mercerhrs.com/microsite/costar/popups/diffs.html


3 THINGS TO KNOW ABOUT FSAs


Use it or lose it: Because FSAs provide significant tax savings, the IRS has placed some rules on their use. Any money remaining in your account(s) after the filing deadline will be forfeited, so it’s important to carefully estimate your eligible expenses before deciding how much money to contribute for the coming year.
Enrollment is for a full plan year: Once you have enrolled, you cannot change your election during a plan year unless you have a qualifying life event.
Enroll if you want to participate: You must enroll or re-enroll in an FSA every year in order to participate. Your current FSA election does not roll over into the next year.


Wellness Program
At CoStar we are committed to the good health and well-being of our employees. That’s why we partner with Vitality™ to provide you with the opportunity to participate in a unique and fun wellness program.


Through the CoStar Wellness Program, you'll find the tools and motivation to live your healthiest life possible. We take a personalized, interactive approach with Vitality, and consider your current overall health, lifestyle and health risk factors.


With a wide variety of enjoyable and healthy activities, Vitality will work with you to establish and achieve your wellness goals.


As you engage with the program and achieve your wellness goals, CoStar will reward you with attractive incentives.


Earn Incentives
In addition to redeeming rewards such as fitness devices, Amazon gift cards, and other great items, your achievements within the Vitality program can help you avoid higher medical insurance premiums! For your participation in the Vitality program during 2023, you will avoid paying the higher “non-wellness” rates in 2024 – an additional $25 per month. To ensure you receive the lower “wellness” rates in 2024:


If your hire date is before July 2023, you must attain Silver Status by October 31, 2023
If your hire date is July–September 2023: you must complete the Vitality Health Review (VHR) by October 31, 2023
If your hire date is October–December 2023: we still encourage you to participate in the program to get a head start on the following year, but you will automatically receive the lower wellness rates in 2024.
Program Year:
The 2023 program year runs from January 1, 2023–December 31, 2023. You must attain the incentive by October 31, 2023 to avoid paying the higher non-wellness rates in 2024.


Plan ahead:
It may take up to five business days for your points to be updated by Vitality once they are received. Be sure to plan accordingly to ensure all your points are recorded on or before October 31, 2023.


Vitality Status:
Your Vitality Status is determined by the number of Vitality Points that you earn based on the activities in which you partake. There are four Vitality Status levels: Bronze, Silver, Gold and Platinum. Learn more.


Gym and Fitness Rebate Program
Incentives that encourage physical activity are an integral part of the Vitality program. To help you stay active and reward you for your effort, CoStar is offering up to $250/year in rebates, through the Vitality program, to offset the cost of your health club membership fees or at-home fitness equipment and subscriptions. When you participate in the program, you will receive a targeted number of workouts to achieve during your program year and an annual maximum rebate amount.


Here’s how it works:


Simply belong to a gym and pay your gym dues or purchase a single item of fitness equipment for at least $200, such as a treadmill, elliptical machine, or stationary or outdoor bicycle. Fitness apps and on-demand fitness video subscriptions are also eligible.
Complete 100 Standard or Advanced Workouts by December 31 of each year to unlock the Rebate Request form.
Complete the Rebate Request form online and submit proof of your gym contract and dues payments, your fitness equipment purchase, or your fitness subscription and payments to Vitality.
Once Vitality receives and processes your rebate request, your rebate will be deposited directly into your bank account.
Learn more about the program and keep track of your Standard and Advanced workouts on the Wellness Rebates page under the Rewards tab by accessing your account at www.powerofvitality.com. You can also review the gym rebate program policy.


If you would like to discuss qualifications for the gym rebate program, please contact a Vitality Specialist at 877-224-7117.


Vitality Champs
Do you like Vitality and want to get more involved (and get more points)? We're looking for Vitality Champs to help us plan events and spread awareness of the many benefits employees can realize by engaging with the program. Champs also help organize, communicate and lead wellness activities/events at the local level.


You can earn extra Vitality points, gift cards, and swag by being a Champ while helping your fellow team members get more active and lead healthier lives. If you're interested in becoming a Champ, please open up a case in Workday for the Benefits Team!


QUIT FOR LIFE


It can be hard to quit tobacco on your own. That's why CoStar offers you the Quit For Life® Program. It provides the tools and support you need, including one-on-one coaching and nicotine patches or gum if available


GET THE APP


Download the Vitality Today app, available for free on most mobile devices. Use it to check your Vitality points on the go and much more!


401(k) Retirement Plan
The CoStar 401(k) Retirement Plan gives you the opportunity to invest for your future on a pre-tax and/or a Roth after-tax basis. As an added bonus, CoStar helps you save for your retirement by offering a generous company match. Learn more about participating in the Plan below.


ENROLLMENT
On your hire date, you can elect to enroll in the 401(k) Retirement Plan directly with our Plan administrator, T. Rowe Price. Enroll online in 401(k) pre-tax savings, Roth after-tax savings or both parts of the Plan at rps.troweprice.com, or call a T. Rowe Price representative at 1-800-922-9945, Monday through Friday, 7:00 a.m. to 10:00 p.m. Eastern Time.


Automatic enrollment
After 30 days at CoStar, if you have not made an election for the 401(k) Retirement Plan, you will be automatically enrolled in the Plan with an election to save 6% of your pre-tax pay. You will receive details about your automatic contribution shortly after your start date at CoStar. You may change your contribution election at any time by contacting T. Rowe Price.


When you are automatically enrolled, your account is invested in a pre-assembled T. Rowe Price Retirement Fund with a target retirement date closest to the year you will turn age 65. You can change your investment election at any time by contacting T. Rowe Price. Other than target retirement date funds, there are various other funds available to you. For information about all of your investment options, visit rps.troweprice.com.


Why save more?
Being automatically enrolled at a 6% contribution rate is a great start, but many financial experts, including those at T. Rowe Price, recommend saving at least 15% of your salary for retirement. The more you contribute, the better your chances of accumulating enough money to last through retirement — and thanks to CoStar's matching contributions, you don't have to do it alone. Tip: To make it easier to save more, elect the Automatic Escalation feature on rps.troweprice.com.


YOUR CONTRIBUTIONS
Plan limits: You may set aside 1% to 80% of your pay on a pre-tax basis and/or on an after-tax basis in the Roth feature of the Plan.
Annual IRS limits: In 2023, the limits on your contributions to your account are:
$22,500 if you are under age 50.
If you are age 50 or older by the end of the year and you contribute the maximum amount in the Plan permitted by the IRS, you may contribute an additional $7,500 (for a total annual limit of $30,000).
Note: CoStar utilizes the spillover method for catch-up contributions. Instead of setting aside two separate, concurrent elections — one for your regular percentage deferrals and one for catch-up contribution — the spillover method allows you to make one deferral election that can take into account both the IRS limit plus the catch-up limit effective for the year.


COMPANY MATCH
CoStar recognizes that employees who are repaying student debt may not be able to save as much as they'd like toward retirement. Our matching program makeS it easier for you to work toward your retirement saving goals while also paying off student loans.


CoStar will match both your 401(k) contributions and your student loan payments dollar for dollar, up to 4% of your pay. This match applies whether you are making only student loan payments, only 401(k) contributions, or both.


CoStar will partner with SoFi (our 529 college savings partner) and T. Rowe Price (our 401(k) record keeper) to facilitate this program. Here's how it will work:


You enroll in the program with SoFi, allowing SoFi to verify your student loan repayments.
At the end of the year, SoFi will report back to CoStar the total payments you made toward your student loans.
CoStar will incorporate the year-end student loan payment reporting provided by SoFi into the calculation for 401(k) matching contributions for the year.
CoStar will calculate and fund the 401(k) matching contributions for employees active on December 31, 2023.
To start taking advantage of CoStar's student loan 401(k) matching program and to utilize the SoFi at Work Dashboard to help you manage your financial benefits, check your credit score, talk to SoFi Financial Planners, and more, please follow these steps:


Visit https://www.sofi.com/costar.
Enter your last name and company email.
Create a SoFi account (or sign in if you have one already).
Explore the Dashboard.
If you have any questions about the SoFi at Work Dashboard benefit or the sign-up process, please contact your-benefits@sofi.com or call 1-833-277-7634.


You are always 100% vested in your 401(k) contributions. You will vest (earn ownership rights to) in CoStar’s matching contributions to your account over three years:


Years of Service        % Ownership in CoStar Matching Contributions
—-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1                                        33%
2                                        66%
3                                        100%


ROTH 401(K) FEATURE
Made on an after-tax basis, Roth contributions to the 401(k) Retirement Plan offer several advantages:


Contributions and earnings are not taxed when you take qualified distributions.
Tax-free withdrawals won’t affect your tax bracket if you need to withdraw a large amount in one year — for large medical expenses, extensive travel, a new car, etc.
If you contribute now using the Roth feature of the Plan, you may avoid taxes on your Social Security benefits later because qualified Roth distributions do not count as taxable income.
Use this calculator (login required) to compare Roth and pre-tax contributions and see what may be right for you.


NAME A BENEFICIARY


It's important to designate a beneficiary for your 401(k) account (someone who will receive the value of your account in the event of your death). Log in to rps.troweprice.com or call T. Rowe Price at 1-800-922-9945 to add or update your beneficiary designation(s).


MEET THE MATCH


CoStar matches 100% of your contributions to the Plan, up to 4% of your pay — that’s free money toward your retirement! Try to contribute at least 4% to take full advantage of the match.


ENROLLING IS EASY


Visit rps.troweprice.com or call a T. Rowe Price representative at 1-800-922-9945. If you do not actively enroll within 30 days of your hire date, you will be automatically enrolled in the Plan at a 6% pre-tax contribution rate. You may make changes or opt out of participation at any time by contacting T. Rowe Price.


Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP)
You make valuable contributions to CoStar each day. That's why we encourage you to take greater ownership in our company's success by enrolling in the ESPP.


The ESPP provides you with the opportunity to purchase CoStar stock at a discount through convenient payroll deductions. You may elect to contribute 1% to 15% of your pay on an after-tax basis to purchase shares of CSGP common stock. Shares are purchased at a 10% discount from the market price with no commissions or fees.


HOW TO ENROLL
You may enroll in the ESPP, administered by Shareworks, by following these simple steps:


Enroll online at www.shareworks.com
Click ”SIGN IN” in the top right corner of the screen.
Select, “Shareworks” from the drop down.
Select “Open Account” at the top right corner of the screen. Do NOT enter information into the Login screen on this page.
Request account activation using "My company email address."
Enter Company email address.
An email confirmation will follow.
You will next be prompted to enter your personal information. When doing this:
Be sure to use your legal name.
You will be prompted to enter your “Employee Number.” Important note: Do NOT select an “Alternate Identification.” You can find your Employee ID in Workday as follows:
Log into Workday
Click the “Personal Information” icon
Select “About Me” under the word “View”
You will find your Employee ID Under the words “Job Details”
After completing your registration, you will receive a letter in the mail with your personal account number and password necessary to complete your enrollment.


BLACKOUT PERIODS
No director, officer or employee may trade the Company's securities during any period in which the Compliance Officer has announced that the trading window is closed. From time to time, the Compliance Officer will announce that the trading window is closed and that no director, officer or employee should engage in any transaction involving the Company's securities, except as set forth below. Typically, the trading window will close around the end of each calendar quarter and will remain closed until the second business day after the Company issues the earnings press release. The Compliance Officer may close the trading window under other circumstances as well. If the Compliance Officer has announced that the trading window is closed, you should not trade the Company's securities until the Compliance Officer announces the reopening of the trading window.


INSIDER TRADING
No director, officer or employee of the Company may buy or sell securities of the Company or any other publicly traded company (or options for either of them) while in possession of material nonpublic information regarding the Company or such other company. Neither you nor any person affiliated with you – which generally includes family members and business entities in which you are a director, officer or large stockholder – may buy or sell securities or engage in any other action to take advantage of, or pass on to others, nonpublic material information. This prohibition extends not only to transactions involving Company securities but also transactions involving securities of other entities with which the Company has a relationship.


College Savings Benefit
CoStar has partnered with LEAF to offer you a valuable college savings benefit. LEAF helps you build college savings for your loved ones using a convenient, tax-advantaged 529 plan. Benefits include:


A $500 LEAF education gift card from CoStar for new parents! Redeem your card on the LEAF website to transfer it into any 529 college savings plan in the US. You can redeem the card even if you don’t yet have a 529 plan — LEAF will help you enroll in a plan on the spot. At the end of each quarter, LEAF will mail CoStar's $500 gift card to all CoStar employees who have a newborn or adopt a child during that quarter. Your gift card will be mailed to your address on file in Workday.
An easy, tax-advantaged way to save for higher education. Through LEAF, you contribute to one or more 529 plans through after-tax payroll contributions, avoiding taxes on the growth of your funds (as long as they’re used on eligible expenses). It feels effortless because it’s automatic, but you’ll see the savings and growth over time!
Learn more and enroll:


Read this LEAF welcome brochure to learn more about how your benefit works.
Read the Guide to 529 Plans to get familiar with these tax-advantaged investment accounts.
Sign up on the LEAF website (enter Company Code: costar; Authorization Code: insight).
See the LEAF enrollment guide for step-by-step enrollment instructions.
If you have questions, please call LEAF at 1-800-645-LEAF (5323).


Financial Wellness
You now have a powerful tool to help you reach financial goals. The SoFi at Work Dashboard is your one-stop-financial-shop where you can manage your financial benefits, plan and save for college, check your credit score, talk to SoFi Financial Planners—the list goes on. It is an amazingly powerful benefit available to all eligible employees. It comes at absolutely no cost to you and is designed to help you manage your journey to financial independence and well-being.


The SoFi at Work Dashboard features:


A full-featured SoFi Money® account
Complimentary access to credentialed SoFi Financial Planners
Student Loan Refinancing with competitive rates from the market leader, SoFi
Credit score monitoring and linking of all your financial accounts
Access to thousands of financial education articles
13 financial tools and calculators
And much more
Get Started:


Taking advantage of this financial well-being benefit requires just four simple steps that shouldn't take you longer than two minutes to complete.


Visit https://www.sofi.com/costar
Enter your last name and company email
Create a SoFi account (or sign in if you have one already)
Explore the Dashboard
If you have any questions about the SoFi at Work Dashboard benefit or the sign-up process, please contact your-benefits@sofi.com or call 1-833-277-7634.


Voluntary Life Insurance
Life insurance provides important financial protection to your beneficiaries in the event of your death. CoStar provides Basic Life and AD&D Insurance coverage at no cost to you. You may purchase additional coverage by enrolling in Voluntary Life Insurance through Unum. You pay the full cost of this additional coverage. You can enroll, change or terminate coverage at any time via Workday.


Your voluntary life insurance options are:


For you – Elect amounts in increments of $1,000 up to $1 million dollars in coverage.
For your spouse – Elect amounts in increments of $5,000 to the lesser of 100% of your voluntary employee life insurance election or $250,000.
For your child(ren) – Elect $10,000 in coverage for each of your children for one price.
If a new hire or newly eligible you may elect up to $200,000 of voluntary life coverage for yourself and up to $50,000 for your spouse without providing proof of good health, or Evidence of Insurability (EOI). You will be approved with no questions asked!


You or your spouse may be required to provide EOI if you did not elect coverage when first eligible or you want to increase coverage for yourself and/or spouse.


If you are required to submit EOI, you will receive a Workday notification under "Announcements" prompting you to complete your Statement of Health. Follow the instructions provided to submit, and you'll receive an immediate determination.


Access your benefits:
Manage your Voluntary Life Insurance benefits at www.unum.com (new users will be prompted to register).


ONE-TIME OPPORTUNITY


During Enrollment, you have a one-time opportunity to elect up to $200,000 of Voluntary Life Insurance for yourself and up to $50,000 for your spouse without providing EOI. No questions asked!


HOW MUCH COVERAGE IS ENOUGH?


“Enough” life insurance coverage includes paying off your outstanding debts, paying for your children’s education, and making sure your loved ones are able to take care of their needs without your regular income.


Long-Term Care With Life Insurance Benefit
Universal life insurance through Trustmark provides more than just a death benefit to your beneficiaries. This coverage also offers long-term care benefits that may be used during your lifetime.


Long-term care benefits are paid when you cannot perform two or more activities of daily living (eating, bathing, getting dressed, etc.). In this situation, you would be able to access 4% of the policy’s death benefit per month to help assist with long-term care expenses.


This coverage requires assistance from a licensed agent to enroll. CoStar Group will partner with ACSIA Partners annually to host an open enrollment opportunity. During annual open enrollment, those interested in enrolling in coverage should speak with a long-term care consultant at ACSIA Partners. There will not be an option to enroll in this coverage via Workday. You will be connected to a long-term care consultant who can answer your questions, establish billing options, provide quotes for insurance, or set up an individual or family consultation.


If you choose to enroll in Long-Term Care Insurance through Trustmark, your policy premium payments will be billed directly to you.




LEARN MORE


For questions regarding your Long-Term Care plus Life Insurance plan, contact ACSIA Partners at 1-888-458-0479. For name or address changes, cancellations, or claims, please contact Trustmark Policy Holder Services.


Policyholder Services


Changes/Cancellations:


Mail: 400 Field Drive, Lake Forest, IL 60045
Phone: 1-800-918-8877, option 6
Email: CustomerCare@trustmarkbenefits.com
Website: www.trustmarkbenefits.com (forms are available for download)
Claims:


Mail: P.O. Box 2906, Clinton, IA 52733
Phone: 1-877-201-9373
Fax: 1-508-853-2867
Website: www.trustmarkbenefits.com


Supplemental Insurance
People get sick and have accidents. It happens all the time, sometimes requiring a trip to the hospital. Even with medical coverage, additional expenses can add up quickly. That's why CoStar gives you the option to enroll in one or more supplemental insurance plans if you are looking for additional financial protection and peace of mind. These plans provide you with a lump-sum payment (one convenient payment all at once) to spend any way you want. Benefits are paid regardless of what is paid by any other insurance, including your primary medical plan. Learn more about your options below.


To enroll, access Workday. You may only enroll in these plans during Open Enrollment (or during your initial enrollment window as a new hire) unless you experience a qualifying life event.


HOSPITAL INDEMNITY INSURANCE
A trip to the hospital can be stressful, and so can the bills. This plan through MetLife pays benefits to help offset your share of the cost if you or a covered family member is hospitalized.


Plan features:


Covers hospital admissions, inpatient rehabilitation, and hospital stays, including pregnancy. See plan coverage details.
Benefits are paid directly to you and are based on a flat schedule (not reimbursement).
Your contributions for coverage are deducted from your paycheck on an after-tax basis.
Coverage is portable, so you can continue coverage at the same rate if you leave the company.
Learn more:


Read the overview and FAQs to learn more about hospital indemnity insurance.
See the plan summary for coverage details.
Review this infographic to see an example of how the plan pays benefits if you or a covered family member is hospitalized.
ACCIDENT INSURANCE
If you or a covered family member has an accident, this plan through MetLife pays benefits to help protect you from expensive hospital and other medical bills.


Plan features:


Covers more than 150 types of accidents, including fractures, dislocations, concussions, and burns. See plan coverage details.
Benefits are paid directly to you and are based on a flat schedule (not reimbursement).
Your contributions for coverage are deducted from your paycheck on an after-tax basis.
Coverage is portable, so you can continue coverage at the same rate if you leave the company.
Learn more:


Read the overview and FAQs to learn more about accident insurance.
See the plan summary for coverage details.
Review this infographic to see an example of how the plan pays benefits if you or a covered family member has an accident.
CRITICAL ILLNESS INSURANCE
Coping with a serious illness is enough to handle without added financial stress. This plan through MetLife pays benefits to help protect you against the financial impact of certain serious conditions.


Plan features:


Covers major organ transplants, certain cancers, kidney failure, Alzheimer’s disease, heart attack, stroke, and more. See plan coverage details.
Includes a Health Screening Benefit, which pays you $50 each calendar year you get a covered health screening! Learn more.
Your contributions for coverage are deducted from your paycheck on an after-tax basis.
Coverage is portable, so you can continue coverage at the same rate if you leave the company.
Learn more:


Read the overview and FAQs to learn more about critical illness insurance.
See the plan summary for coverage details.
Review this infographic to see an example of how the plan pays benefits if you or a covered family member is diagnosed with a serious illness.


WHY SUPPLEMENTAL INSURANCE?


Medical plans don't always pay for everything when there's a hospital stay, accident, or serious illness. You may have out-of-pocket costs like deductibles and copays, along with day-to-day costs that can add up while you're recovering. See real-life examples of how the hospital indemnity, accident, and critical illness plans help you cover costs.


KEEP IN MIND


Supplemental insurance plans are designed to supplement your primary medical plan. On their own, they don’t provide the level of medical coverage needed to meet healthcare reform requirements.


Legal Insurance
The legal insurance plan through ARAG assists you with everyday matters that turn into legal issues, saving you time, stress, and money. It helps with serious issues as well as common situations like creating wills, transferring property, or buying a home.


Plan features:


ARAG has over 15,000 network attorneys and will help you find one who is experienced in your specific legal need.
The plan pays 100% of the attorney fees for hundreds of covered issues including:
Consumer protection (including credit records correction)
Criminal matters
Debt-related matters
Driving/license matters
Tax issues
Family
Landlord/tenant issues
Real estate and homeownership
Wills and estate planning (including revocable and irrevocable trusts)
Receive 25% off network attorney fees for legal matters that are not covered under the plan.
Coverage costs $8.24 bi-weekly and includes your spouse and child(ren). Your costs for coverage will be deducted from your paycheck on an after-tax basis.
Learn more and enroll:


Read the ARAG brochure.
Visit ARAGLegalCenter.com and enter Access Code: 18443co.
Enroll through Workday. You may only enroll in this plan during Open Enrollment (or during your initial enrollment window as a new hire) unless you experience a qualifying life event.
After you enroll, log in to ARAGLegalCenter.com once you receive your member ID number to add your spouse and child(ren) to your coverage.


Identity Theft Protection
To give you peace of mind and protection from the damages of identity theft, we are pleased to offer the Allstate Identity Protection Pro+ plan from Allstate.


The plan provides comprehensive, cutting-edge protection for your privacy, identity, and finances, plus 24/7/365 support from Allstate’s privacy advocates.


Plan features:


Allstate Identity Protection Pro+ provides proactive fraud detection, prevention, and restoration services, including:
Financial transaction and social media reputation monitoring across your entire digital footprint
Rapid alerts for credit inquiries, compromised credentials, financial transactions, and more
Tri-bureau monitoring and alerts
Monthly credit score and annual credit report
Data breach notifications
Full-service, 24/7 fraud remediation with a dedicated advocate
$1 million identity theft insurance policy
"Under roof and wallet" coverage provides protection for everyone who relies on you financially
Two coverage options are available: Employee only ($3.67 bi-weekly) or family ($6.44 bi-weekly).
Your costs for coverage will be deducted from your paycheck on an after-tax basis.
Learn more and enroll:


See plan features and review the benefits of having Allstate Identity Protection.
Visit www.myaip.com.
Enroll through Workday. You may enroll any time of year.
After you enroll, visit www.myaip.com and click the “Login” button to add your spouse and child(ren) to your coverage and manage your account.


Commuter and Parking Benefits
To save on taxes, you are invited to take advantage of CoStar's commuter and parking programs administered by WageWorks.


Read CoStar’s full Commuter and Parking Benefit policy located in the QuickLinks section on the Human Resources page on CYNERGY. Commuter & Parking Benefit Policy


Multiple Commuter and Parking Options Available
The WageWorks system contains over 10,000 commuter options nationwide, so you will most likely find the mode of transportation you use to come to work. Options may include commuter and city buses, trains, subways, ferries, some vanpools and even UberPool and LyftPool.


If you drive to work and pay to park, you can elect to have your monthly expense for parking paid by WageWorks directly to your parking provider by selecting the “Pay My Provider” option. Or select the "Pay Me Back" option to have WageWorks reimburse you for your out-of-pocket parking costs.


You are in Control
Commuter and parking benefits are flexible. You may make a one-time enrollment to receive the same benefits each month. Or, if your commute options change regularly, WageWorks allows you to elect different benefits each month. If you use public transportation most days when you commute to work but drive and park on other days, you can now elect to have both benefits.


Contribution Limits, Combination, and Pre-tax Deductions
Under the commuter and parking program, CoStar allows you to elect up to $600 per month total to be withheld from your paycheck to cover your commuting expenses.


The monthly pre-tax limit for parking expenses is $300 per month and the limit for transit and vanpool is $300. These limits are set by the IRS and are generally adjusted annually. Employees may elect both transit and parking for a total pre-tax limit of $600 per month if both are needed.


Any individual election over $300 will be deducted from your paycheck post-tax.


The following are a few examples (assuming the standard public transportation subsidy and not any other arrangements such as carpooling or alternate vehicles):


If you pay $320 per month for parking, $300 per month will be deducted from your paycheck on a pre-tax basis and the remaining $20 per month will be deducted post-tax.
If you pay $320 per month for public transportation, CoStar will subsidize $100 per month, $200 per month will be deducted from your paycheck pre-tax, and $20 will be deducted from your paycheck post-tax.
If you elect a combination of parking and public transportation — $160 each for a total of $320 per month — you will receive a $100 public transportation subsidy from CoStar and $220 ($60 for public transportation and $160 for parking) will be deducted from your paycheck pre-tax.
Monthly Enrollment Deadline
Orders must be placed by the 10th of each month prior to the benefit month you are enrolling in. For example, in order to participate for the January benefit month, you will need to enroll by December 10. Retroactive commuter or parking reimbursements will not be eligible regardless of new hire date or enrollment date. Please do not file expense reports to request reimbursement for parking or commuter if you don’t first have authorization from HR who will communicate with the A/P staff.


Enrollment Process
There are two ways to enroll or make changes:


Online. Visit Workday at access.costar.com and click on the WageWorks link (if at home, go directly to www.wageworks.com).
- Click on "First Time User?
- Click on “Login/Register”
- Click “Employee Registration”
- Follow the prompts
By Phone. Call 1-877-924-3967 between 8:00am and 8:00pm EST and a WageWorks customer service representative will assist you with any questions you might have.
Questions?
Many of your questions can be answered with the Quick Start Guide. If you have additional questions or require more details, visit WageWorks online or call to speak with a WageWorks representative about your commuting situation: 1-877-924-3967 (Monday - Friday 8am-8pm ET). For more details on office-specific programs, please visit the HR Department page on CYNERGY.


Auto and Home Insurance
The Choice Auto and Home Insurance Program offers you a variety of coverage options for property such as auto, home, condo, rental, boat, mobile home, or other recreational vehicles. Using the convenient online portal, you can model coverages to see your estimated cost savings. The average annual reported savings from switching to Choice Auto and Home is $700 — $800. Through the Choice program, you have access to a wider range of participating carriers, including Farmers GroupSelect, Liberty Mutual, Travelers, Safeco Insurance, Progressive, and Electric Insurance Company.


If you choose to enroll in a new insurance policy through the Choice Auto and Home program, your policy premium payments will be billed directly to you.


Company-Provided Benefits
CoStar provides many additional benefits at no cost to you, including basic life and disability insurance, counseling benefits and paid time off. Explore these benefits below.


HEALTH ADVOCACY
Health Advocate helps you navigate complex healthcare and insurance-related issues. You and your family members have access to a dedicated team who will:
Answer your healthcare and insurance questions
Explain your benefits
Help resolve claims issues
Search for providers that fit your criteria
Help detangle medical bills
And more.
Learn more and contact an Advocate:


All benefit-eligible employees are automatically enrolled for this CoStar-paid benefit. For details, call Health Advocate at 1-866-695-8622, e-mail them at answers@healthadvocate.com or visit www.HealthAdvocate.com/costar. Note: Depending on your request, you might need to fill out an authorization form (available on the Health Advocate website) before using this free, confidential service.


To see some of the many things a Health Advocate can assist with, read this flyer.
For more details on how Health Advocate can help you, please view this short video.
If you need help with a health insurance bill or claim, get help from an Advocate here.


BASIC LIFE INSURANCE AND DISABILITY
CoStar provides basic life insurance and disability coverage for you at no cost, provided through Unum:


Basic Life Insurance and Accidental Death & Dismemberment (AD&D) – Coverage of 1.5x your base salary to a maximum of $500,000.
Short-Term Disability (STD) – Coverage of 60% of your weekly base pay with a maximum weekly benefit of $2,000. Your benefits begin on the eighth consecutive day after a non-work-related illness or accident. Benefits end on the earlier of the date you are no longer disabled or after 26 weeks.
Long-Term Disability (LTD) – LTD benefits are designed to replace part of your income in the event that you become disabled and unable to work for more than 181 days due to a non-work-related injury or illness. This coverage provides a benefit of 60% of your monthly base pay and commissions to a maximum of $15,000 per month. Benefits continue until the earlier of the end of your disability or at your Social Security normal retirement age.
Access your benefits:


To initiate a leave/disability claim, go to https://portal.unum.com. First-time users will need to register for a new account.
To initiate a disability/leave, call 1-866-868-6737, 8am-5pm ET
For assistance with a disability claim, call 1-866-868-6737, 8am-5pm ET
For assistance with a life insurance claim, call 800-ASK-UNUM (800-275-8686)


EMPLOYEE ASSISTANCE PROGRAM
CoStar’s Employee Assistance Program (EAP) offers free, confidential services for you and your household members through ComPsych. EAP services include:


Stress management
Finding child/elder care
Retirement planning
Financial/legal concerns
Dealing with grief, loss or disability
Your EAP coverage includes up to three counseling sessions per person, per issue each year. ComPsych counselors are available 24 hours a day, seven days a week, at 1-855-809-3964. For online resources, go to www.guidanceresources.com (first-time users, click "Register" and use Organization Web ID: costar).


To see some of the many things a ComPsych counselor can assist with, read this flyer.

CONSOLIDATED BILLING
Consolidated billing is when there is consildation of multiple contracts into a singular invoice. These contracts must be at the same billing location and do not have the same billing contact. If there are multiple billing contacts for multiple contracts consolidated into one invoice, the true billing contact posted to the ERP system for the consolidated invoice is the oldest billing contact of all.

SITE LEVEL BILLING
Site level billing is when there is a single contract that is invoiced out to multiple locations. This type of billing is frequently seen with Apartments contracts.

TUITION REIMBURSEMENT
CoStar encourages employees to further your formal training with our Tuition Reimbursement benefit of up to $5,250 each calendar year. Benefit-eligible employees who have worked at CoStar for at least six months are eligible for Tuition Reimbursement. You may obtain reimbursement for tuition and certain related fees (excluding book costs, registration fees and transportation) upon successful completion of the course. The maximum reimbursement allowed within a calendar year is $5,250 for undergraduate and graduate-level courses.


Learn more:
Tuition Assistance & Reimbursement Application Form
Tuition Assistance Policy
Enter an AskHR Case in Workday for additional details


SMOKING CESSATION PROGRAM
CoStar understands the challenge of quitting tobacco use. The Smoking Cessation Program through Optum can help employees, their spouses, and adult children quit with the following support:


1-on-1 phone coaching
Up to 8 weeks of over-the-counter nicotine patches or gum
Access to the member website, which provides support tools and connects you with others in the process of quitting
A quit guide workbook
Optional text message reminders and tips
Enrollment is easy. Call Optum at 1-866-QUIT-4-LIFE (1-866-784-8454) or register online at www.quitnow.net, indicate CoStar as the employer, and get started today!


Once you complete the program, you are eligible for non-tobacco medical insurance rates. Please attach your completion certificate to an AskHR Case in Workday within 30 days of completion in order to receive the lower rates.


If quitting smoking is unreasonably difficult due to a medical condition (such as addiction to nicotine), you may avoid the higher cost for medical coverage by emailing a note from your physician stating that you have a nicotine addiction or other medical


PAID TIME OFF/HOLIDAYS
CoStar knows how hard you work and we recognize the importance of providing you time for rest and relaxation. Regular full-time employees are eligible for paid and unpaid time off. Part-time employees are only eligible for pro-rated vacation accrual based on hours worked.


Paid Holidays
CoStar observes ten paid holidays:


New Year’s Day
Martin Luther King Jr. Day
President’s Day
Memorial Day
Juneteenth
Independence Day
Labor Day
Thanksgiving Day
Day after Thanksgiving
Christmas Day


Sick Days
Full-time employees receive sick hours upon employment based on their date of hire:
Hired        Sick                         Hours Grant
January–March                40 hours
April–June                        32 hours
July–September                24 hours
October–December                16 hours


You may carry over up to 40 hours of sick leave per year.


Vacation
Full-time employees are eligible for the following vacation accrual schedule:


Completed Years of Service                                Vacation Accrual                                Maximum Accrual
—--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
0–2 years                                15 days (120 hours), accrued at a rate of 2.31 hours per week        180 hours
2 years but less than 5 years                18 days (144 hours), accrued at a rate of 2.77 hours per week        216 hours
5 years but less than 7 years                20 days (160 hours), accrued at a rate of 3.08 hours per week        240 hours
7 years but less than 10 years                23 days (184 hours), accrued at a rate of 3.54 hours per week        276 hours
10 years or more                        25 days (200 hours), accrued at a rate of 3.85 hours per week        300 hours


Once a maximum vacation accrual has been reached, vacation will be capped until the employee uses accrued vacation hours, allowing accruals to begin again.


Personal Days
Full-time employees hired between January 1 and June 30 receive two personal days upon hire. Full-time employees hired between July 1 and December 31 receive one personal day upon hire. Employees are granted an additional two personal days each January thereafter, up to a maximum balance of 16 hours.


California-based employees are eligible to carry over paid personal days from one calendar year to the next, but will not accrue any additional personal days after a balance of 32 hours has been reached. Unused personal leave balances are only paid out upon termination for California-based employees.


Wedding Leave
Full-time employees are eligible for three days of paid leave when they get married, which may be taken either within 30 days before or after the wedding. Renewal of vows and attending other people’s weddings does not qualify for Wedding Leave.


Parental Leave/Maternity Disability Leave
Full-time employees are eligible for 30 days (six weeks) of paid parental leave. This leave can be taken after the birth or adoption of a child and must be taken within a year of such birth or adoption.


Birthing parents are also eligible for an additional 30 days (six weeks) of paid maternity disability leave, for a total of 12 weeks.


Parental and maternity disability leave run concurrently with any Family and Medical Leave. Employees must request the time off and seek approval from their manager. All paid parental leave will be administered through Lincoln Financial. Employees will need to contact Lincoln Financial to open a leave of absence claim to be eligible for the paid parental leave. Contact Lincoln at 1-888-408-7300 to request the leave of absence.


Jury Duty
CoStar will offer paid jury duty leave to full-time employees for up to 10 days unless otherwise required by state or local law. For jury duty absences of more than 10 days, please submit your request to both your Manager and Human Resources for further review. In order to qualify for jury duty leave, the employee must submit a copy of the request to perform jury duty to their Manager and to Human Resources immediately after receipt. If an employee is subpoenaed to appear as a witness in connection with a trial or investigation, they will need to use either personal or vacation hours.


Bereavement Leave
Full-time employees are eligible to take paid leave if they experience the unfortunate loss of a loved one. Leave will be granted up to ten (10) days for an immediate family member (spouse/partner, child or parent), up to five (5) days for any other family member and up to two (2) days for a person outside the employee’s family with whom the employee has a legitimate close personal relationship (best friend, parent of best friend, etc.). Leave will not be granted for the loss of an employee’s acquaintance or for the loss of a person with whom the employee has a casual relationship.


Leave of Absence
Unum administers our leaves of absence. Please notify your manager if you need a leave of absence and contact Unum at 1-866-868-6737 to request the leave of absence. You can manage your leave online at https://portal.unum.com. Refer to our Leave of Absence policy for more details.


INTERACTIVE TRAINING AND EDUCATION
CoStar’s training and learning management system, Workday Learning, along with employee access to LinkedIn Learning, offers a myriad of opportunities for further development through a variety of training methods, including instructor-led, live streamed webinars, and interactive e-learnings.  


SERVICE AWARDS
CoStar expresses appreciation for hard work and dedication by presenting a service award of CoStar stock to each employee who reaches their five-year anniversary and every five years thereafter (e.g., 10, 15, 20 years of service, etc.). See the table below for details.


Years of Service                CoStar Stock Award
5                                $500
10                                $1,000
15                                $1,500
20                                $2,000
25                                $2,500
About CoStar Group Service-Base Stock Awards


Service-based stock awards are granted on the employee’s anniversary date and are immediately vested. The stock cannot be rescinded even if you leave the company after the grant date. There is a 1-year restriction from selling the share(s).
Award values are adjusted to provide for a round number of shares. For example, the 5-year award is $500. If the stock is valued at $700 per share, the employee will receive one share (the actual grant value would match the price of one share of stock). The 10-year award is $1,000. Assuming the same $700 per share price, the employee will receive two shares.
Award notifications will be sent from our CoStar Legal department with a follow-up notification from our stock administrator Solium.
All stocks awards are processed one month following the anniversary dates. For example, September awards will be processed in the recipient’s account by the end of October; October awards are processed in November, etc. Recipients will receive notification through Solium with information about their grant.
Questions about service-based stock awards may be directed to stockmatters@costar.com.

//Did not cover legal notices here:
https://www.mercerhrs.com/microsite/costar/fine-print.shtml